All righty, so let's go ahead and move in
and let's walk through this development process.
So the first step is that we're actually gonna
enable component scanning in our Spring configuration file.
All right, so moving into our Eclipse project
that we just created, that spring-demo-annotation,
what I wanna do is actually copy over the config file
from our previous project.
So what I wanna do is actually move into my
spring-demo-one project, and I'm actually gonna copy
the applicationContext.xml and I'll move it to my new one.
So in spring-demo-one, selection applicationContext.xml,
do a right-click and choose Copy.
And now let's move back to our spring-demo-annotation,
that's the one that we just created,
and let's simply move to the source directory,
and then we do a right-click and choose Paste.
And it's important that you paste it
into the source directory.
So right-click and choose Paste.
Okay, great, now if we expand the source directory
for spring-demo-annotations, we should see this new
config file here, applicationContext.xml.
Let's go ahead and open this file up for a second
and just take a quick look at it.
I'll just expand the window here.
Now, what I actually wanna do is clean out this file,
so I wanna remove all the bean entries in this file,
so simply highlight everything there
for all the bean entries,
I'll do a right-click and choose Delete.
So at this point we should have everything deleted
from this file, we should only have what I have here,
on the screen, so kinda use this as a checkpoint
to make sure your file looks like mine.
All right, and also I like to clean up,
so let's go ahead and close that previous project we had,
spring-demo-one, that's the old one,
so let's just simply do a right-click and choose Close
on that project.
Because I like to kinda keep things simple,
make sure I only have one project at a time,
make sure I'm only editing a given file at a time,
because you get mixed up with too much stuff.
So step one is that we're gonna enable component scanning
in our Spring config file.
So let's go into our applicationContext.xml,
let's move down to line 10,
and I'll add a quick little comment here,
just to kinda keep myself on track.
So I'm gonna add an entry to enable component scanning.
And then I'll actually add the code here on line 12,
so I'll say context: and I'll choose component-scan,
that's the same thing we saw on the slides earlier,
and then I'll give the actual base package name,
so I'll call it com.Luv2code.springdemo.
And I'll just put a slash here at the end,
just to get that taken care of.
So that's it really.
So context:component-scan, we give the base package
and we give the actual name of our package
of where we're gonna place code.
And so again, Spring will do all the scanning,
look for those annotations,
and then register those beans automatically.
All right, now while I'm here let's go ahead and create
the package since we remember the package name,
let's go ahead and create it real quick.
So in our source directory,
let's simply do a right-click, choose New,
and then we'll choose Package.
And I'll give the actual package name,
it's com.Luv2code.springdemo, you have to make sure
it's the exact same package name that you reference
in the Spring config file, 'cause this is where
Spring's gonna scan, looking for Spring beans.
So I'll hit Finish, and there we go,
we have this new package, com.Luv2code.springdemo,
I'll just look at my config file and make sure
those two names are the same.
So this looks good.
So we have step one completed so far,
so we have the component scanning in place.
In the following video we'll actually start writing code,
and we'll follow those two additional steps
required for this configuration process.
So I'll see you in a bit.